Yo haha guest officer, come in and play
Ha ha.
This one.
But the previous Miss Lin's close-fitting body
Shuiling Town, haha.
You stinky woman!
They were all kicked out by Linfu, and they were defeated by what stinky family
At that time, if I hadn't taken you in
You would have starved to death on this street
Why don't you pull me some men today?
You will drink the northwest wind for me
Has Miss Spirit Talisman's mistake been hidden?
Don't worry.
None of them could find Bamboo and explain it
Anyway.
Miss Lin's failure
Can't be discovered by anyone
Miss Lin's charity
Could it be that
Why is this stinky sister going?
Go away
Go down, auntie is going to turn over